[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-an-angular-application.md

# Deploy an Angular application

> Angular is an incredibly popular framework for building reactive and powerful front end applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Angular is an incredibly popular framework for building reactive and powerful front-end applications.
```

> In this guide, you will create a new Angular application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will be using Angular CLI, a batteries-included tool for generating new Angular applications.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will create a new Angular application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will use the Angular CLI, a batteries-included tool for generating new Angular applications.
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**.
```

}
```

You will notice that there is an `outputPath` option within the `projects.my-angular-app.architect.build` object. This value tells Angular CLI where to place the "my-angular-app" project's output files. By default, it is `dist/my-angular-app` which is reflected in the **Build directory** setting of the Pages configuration.

You can modify this `outputPath` value but you must update the Pages settings too.

### Finalize Setup

After completing configuration, click the **Save and Deploy** button.

You will see your first deploy pipeline in progress. Pages installs all dependencies – including Angular CLI – and builds the project as specified.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`. 

Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it on every new pushed commit.

Additionally, you will have access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments), which repeat the build-and-deploy process for pull requests. With these, you can preview changes to your project with a real URL before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Angular CLI site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Angular CLI site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
